title: Blending In
date: 2015-10-29 11:12:40
banner: '/images/bucharest.jpg'
titleColour: '#000'
tags: ['Bucharest', 'gym']
---

I departed from my apartment in pursuit of the gym I had signed up for the day prior, on a mission. I was going to operate in Bucharest like I lived there - which I suppose I do. As I pressed my way to the streets, the sour air of the city poured into my nose immediately after my eyes were greeted with the immersive view of european masonry. Bucharest is a beautiful sight in the morning. The people of which, are quite friendly, and as such quite commonly initiate conversation. To mitigate the awkward realization I have no idea what they are saying, I firmly inserted my white apple earbuds an was on my way.

A 15 minute walk had me to the top floor of the 'Unirea Shopping Center' where I found my gym - Salsafit. Since I had already procured a membership with the aid of my good local friend Bogdan, I was hopeful my absence of language would not interfer. I approached the front desk and offered the entirety of my Romanian vocabulary, 'Salut'. It was met with a quickly paced sentence and a smile. Part of me was happy I'd been able to create the rouse that I was indeed a fully functioning citizen of Bucharest, the other half searching for how to effectively respond. 'I'm afraid I don-'. 'No problem sir! How are you?'. The attendant could speak fluent English. I shouldn't have been surprised, many people who I've had the pleasure of meeting here can too. 

After a mediocre 45 minute pump session, I hit the showers. I tossed my coat on top of the locker and a post exercise wave of vitality combined with an intrinsic proudness to be independently functioning in a foreign city washed over me. I was meeting my objective, I am european, I am...shit. My coat had fallen behind the lockers and was completely unreachable. I can barely ask someone's name let alone how to 'retrieve my coat from behind the lockers'. So I tried to be a hero and place the bench up against the locker and reach over. My plan was falling short as I needed an additional 4 feet of reach. Naturally, I stepped into the top locker - SNAP! I had taken a large chunk out of Salsafit's particle board shelving unit. I defy someone to casually rebound from that position. Fortunately no-one was around so I leaped to the floor, returned the bench and locked the structurally compromised locker shut. What chip?

Plan B. The next euro-lifter to enter the change room was going to be the answer to all my problems. 'Can you speak english?'. 'I am able to speak a little bit of English, yes.'. Score! 2/2 on spoken encounters today. I have noticed a trend at this point, Romanians younger than 30 tend to be able speak english. I explain my dilemma to my new friend and together we begin to muscle the shelving unit away from the wall. After about 10 inches of opening I am able to catch a glimpse of my coat, its charcoal grey blending with the thick layer of dust. Littered amongst the forgotten wasteland that we've uncovered are roughly 20 spent steroid syringes, fortunately none seem to be poking into my jacket. Alexe (I never actually asked his name but that's what I'm calling him) finds this awfully perturbing, and proceeds to alert the staff. The good people at Salsafit are embarrassed to say the least, and profusely apologize to me. I may have neglected to mention the chip in the locker, but hey... today is about fitting in.
