title: The Big Smoke
date: 2016-04-14 16:25:00
banner: '/images/toronto.jpeg'
titleColour: '#fff'
tags: ['Toronto', 'Canada']
---

Well it's now day 4 of my new job in Toronto, and that means its time for a sappy 'New City' post. If you're not one to enjoy playful narrative around an otherwise extremely mediocre day, do yourself a favour and skip this one.

In my infinite wisdom, I decided it was best to start my first day from the comfort of my own bed in Prince Edward County. The plan was to hop in with my Toronto bound Uncle at quarter to six  and make it to the office for 9am - optimistic. Alas, I found myself shotgun heading west right on schedule. My Uncle Dan, a career musician, is always capable of directing the conversation to something interesting. After weighing in on Geopolitics, the Conflict in the Middle East and how much a lunch should cost, I'd arrived at my stop - Woodbine Station.

A more seasoned TTC traveller would probably grasp the idea of tokens being the currency of the system, however not this guy. I proudly presented a $5 bill to the less than enthused woman behind the kiosk guarding the turnstiles. "One Adult Please" I enthusiastically requested as my bill slid down the steel tray beneath the agent's plexiglass encasing. Instead of the joyful affirmation I'd hoped to receive, I was instead given my initial offering right back. This had me a tad perturbed, but I concluded that the issue here was clearly one of volume. "One Adult Please!" I prodded once more. A queue of deflated Monday commuters had begun forming behind me at this point. This time I received some narrative with my rejection, "Change?" I was asked with a patronizing smirk. There was a pronounced lack of communication between myself and TTC's least verbose employee. With a sharp annoyed gesture to the glass box to my left, I was able to deduce that some denomination of currency was to be deposited in the box before the turnstile would allow my patronage. "Oh!, I see - yes change please." I said with a sense of enlightenment. Two loonies, a twoonie and four quarters were slid back to me. $3.25 was the value that shows on the fare matrix beneath 'Adult'. It wasn't until after I'd inserted the two loonies that I came to the sudden realization that I had just blown my opportunity to come to $3.25 is exact change with what I had to work with. Round Two - I slid the twoonie back to my increasingly unimpressed friend with a goofy smile to indicate I was in need of more change to meet the fare. The man queued behind me had enough of my incompetence and forced his token into the box and pushed his was past, followed by three or four others who were in a similar mindset. Welcome to Toronto.